Are FACEBOOKs Community Standards spreading TRUE; TRUTH, FAITH, LOVE, FUN & CREATIVITY 

2 billion people to freely express themselves across countries and cultures and in dozens of languages.

TRUTH 
a place for expression and give people a voice. Meta wants people to be able to talk openly about the issues that matter to them, even if some may disagree or find them objectionable.

----


 conducting a balancing test that weighs the public interest against the risk of harm
 
 
---

Our principles are: give people a voice; serve everyone; promote economic opportunity; build connection and community; keep people safe and protect privacy.

--

"We are committed to respecting" - non binding 
Depending on circumstances - ambigious 
We are committed to implementing - non binding 
We recognize the importance - non binding, ambigous 

2018 - 

Facebook has now said it will end this practice, which had been one of the key methods marketers used to link users' Facebook data about their friends and lifestyle with their offline data about their families, finances and health

Have they? 



---

FACEBOOK, TERMS OF SERVICE - BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT 

Agreement is easily accessible , findable and easy to understand 

 

1. We don’t charge you to use Facebook or the other products and services covered by these Terms. Instead, businesses and organizations pay us to show you ads for their products and services. By using our Products, you agree that we can show you ads that we think will be relevant to you and your interests. We use your personal data to help determine which ads to show you. 

Is showing personalized Ads WRONG? 

PROS:
Helps small buisness grow 

CONS: 
Greater amount of ads designed to intice you to buy junk 


If a user is in full agreement? 
How clear is the agreement 


2. We don’t sell your personal data to advertisers, and we don’t share information that directly identifies you (such as your name, email address or other contact information) with advertisers unless you give us specific permission.

Is collecting so much information about a user WRONG? 

How clear are the terms and - 
Is it OPT OUT? Choice has been made for someone 
is it OPT IN? User gives specific instruction and desire, choice for their information to be sold 

Follows regional data protection laws, subject to special protections under the laws of your country. 


DATA COLLECTED --

content, communications and other information -  
 including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content you provide (like metadata), such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. It can also include what you see through features we provide, such as our camera, so we can do things like suggest masks and filters that you might like, or give you tips on using camera formats


 We collect information about the people, accounts, hashtags and Facebook groups, and Pages you are connected to and how you interact with them across our Products, such as people you communicate with the most or groups you are part of. We also collect contact information if you choose to upload, sync or import it from a device (such as an address book or call log or SMS log history)
 
  how you use our Products, such as the types of content you view or engage with; the features you use; the actions you take; the people or accounts you interact with; and the time, frequency and duration of your activities. 

 If you use our Products for purchases or other financial transactions (such as when you make a purchase in a game or make a donation), we collect information about the purchase or transaction. This includes payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information; other account and authentication information; and billing, shipping and contact details.
 
 We also receive and analyze content, communications and information that other people provide when they use our Products. This can include information about you, such as when others share or comment on a photo of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your contact information.
 
 he computers, phones, connected TVs and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our Products, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
 
 

"INCLUDING" but not "LIMITED TO" 



We require each of these partners to have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing any data to us.
Third party providers unknown 

Customer Data = Business Tool Data // biz is biz but how CLEAR are the terms to end users 

 Subject to Section 1.d, we will not share Business Tool Data that you provide to us with third parties (including advertisers) unless you advise us that we are permitted to do so or we are required to do so by law.
 
 You agree that Facebook may provide access to and/or a copy of Event Data about a particular individual to that individual upon their request.
 
 aggregated and anonymous basis for measurement purposes. 
 
 -- 
 
 We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services and Meta Products ? To Whom, or until your account is deleted -
 
Ambigious 


 
 
 
---


"It will no longer be acceptable if individuals sign up to a website for a particular purpose, and they then re-use data for a completely different purpose,"




----- 


Policy is clearly stated and notification provided to give users a choice. 

We'll notify you before we make changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before you choose to continue using our Products.

Overall sentiment, Facebook seems to be spreading good, allows for choice in continuing to use their services and policys are clear to find and undersand. Getting better, wasnt great at privacy before, not quite there fully yet. 
Huge amount of data is gathered and stored, accoriding to their policy. 



----

Violance encitment 





--- Comedy has always tip toped the lines between FUN and serious conversations , Dave Chappelle , Bill Burr, 

Expressions of creativity 

When someone uses comedy as a mask and a weapon for hate it is WRONG and should be removed. On either side , every side . 

Comedians are true in spreading FUN when they joke . Comic posts can be decitful. 



